Update references-regions-zones-infrastructure-vsphere.adoc (#89698)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/references-regions-zones-infrastructure-vsphere.adoc

|===
|Parameter | Description

> |`vcenters` | The vCenter servers for your {product-title} cluster. You can specify either a single vCenter, or up to 3 vCenters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`vcenters` | The vCenter servers for your {product-title} cluster. You can specify a single vCenter or up to three vCenters.
```

Reviewer 2: @sr1kar99 we can use numerals as per ISG, author's version looks good.

> In general, use numerals to represent all numbers, however large or small. For numbers below 10, it is alternatively acceptable to use
words instead of numerals. Within a publication, be consistent in your approach.

Author: @snarayan-redhat @sr1kar99 ...Thanks for the review.
